this is a web exclusive hold it we had
one week training and then we had a
break for weekend and now we're back
into rehearsals and I think Chelsea
started picking up that confidence which
she was lacking in the first few at her
CIL's yes that's good now you're solid
and you standing here not falling I've
been so busy I got picked up at what
past six the Waterloo Road in everything
come straight here from Waterloo Road
and they had loads of lines as well
which is absolutely done the righted
that's why not run the route just to run
there as a person Chelsea has amazing
sense of humor the thing is she's always
tired because we rehearsed late at night
so I think wants to rest and have a
break at the job then all her bodily
personality won't come out even more
so naturally Chelsea has this movement
in her and I was actually surprised with
walls because suddenly I discovered that
she has this inner grace as soon as she
gets into dance position go I think it's
gonna be very very beneficial for her
when she gonna come out and perform in
front of judges and audience how she
said that but ribbon but like I say I've
never I'm not a dancer it was just and
is not dead it's alive well you'll like
it like that
let's see what we'll say about it we've
got through the dance the full dance
to the music to the first time ever
you're not saying that I got it perfect
not saying that I've got all the steps
right the posture wasn't right but at
least we've done it from start to finish
so which one of these look work on
everything else that needs to go with